c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\LojasCidadao.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\LojasCidadao.pdb
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\Npgsql.pdb
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\bin\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\obj\Debug\LojasCidadao.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\obj\Debug\LojasCidadao.dll
c:\users\tiago\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojasCidadao\LojasCidadao\obj\Debug\LojasCidadao.pdb
